# Process

## Organization
Our team worked and communicated well for this sprint. We made our team by reaching out on Piazza and through our tutorials. Some tools that we have been using are Discord and Figma. We  use Discord as our main form of communication which allowed us to coordinate meetings and discuss ideas regarding our project. On the other hand, Figma was used to collaboratively work on our UI design. In terms of roles, we will all be doing some frontend and backend work in order to develop all areas of our skill set.

## Decision Making
Making decisions went fairly smoothly. For example for the decision regarding which product we were going to be working on, we had a brief meeting on Discord to discuss this. We took turns suggesting which products would be interesting to work on and were able to narrow down the list of projects to two candidates: amorr and BipoX+. We then took some time to reflect on the two products, and took a vote, which lead to unanimous decision to work on the amorr product. Similarly, we took suggestions regarding the name of our group/product, and voted on the name eBeauty. Overall, making decisions as a group went well by having each of us express our ideas, and then reflecting on them. As such, we plan to continue with something similar for future sprints. 

## User Story Priortization
For the user stories we defined the priority of each user story based on how important it is in order for the product to function. This implies that the more important user stories are required for the less important user stories. Consider the user story "As a client and a service provider I want to sign up to the app so that I can use the services offerred by the platform." This is arguably one of if not the most important user story since the whole idea of the product revolves around matching a client to a service provider. Without a way for clients and service providers to sign up, the product would be useless. On the other hand something like "As a service provider, I want to be provided thorough analytics for best recommendations" would be less important in comparison as it is something that is nice to have. It is not as crucial as the previous user story, and actually requires the previous user story to be completed in order for this one to work. On average we needed around 2-4 rounds of voting to come to a consensus for the point estimates. 

## Meetings
As a group, we met about 3 times a week. This was sufficient as we were able to cover all the topics we were required to during our meetings as we were prepared before hand. Such preparations were evident with our meeting with the product owner. We had all individually prepared a list of questions before hand to ask the product owner. This lead to a productive meeting which answered all of the questions we initially had. In addition, we communicated effectively through Discord messages which were met with timely replies. We plan to continue having meetings about 3 times a week for the upcoming sprints, and will adjust accordingly.

## Next Phase
Moving on to the next phase, we think we should work on how we plan to divide the work up in a reasonable way. For this sprint it was not very difficult as the deliverables were not very "heavy." However upcoming sprints will require more work/effort as we are actually implementing features. We may decide to develop some system to determine how difficult a task is, and go from there. In the end, our group will try to split the work up evenly, and if some tasks are too diffuclt we will assist each other. Furthermore we will try to work on our planning for the upcoming phases. This phase our planning was decent in the sense that we made deadlines. For the next sprints we will try to meet deadlines comfortably to compensate for any unforseen events that may occur. For example finishing the required features a few days before the deadline in order for us to all analyze and check that our code is up to standard and satisfies our definition of done. This also mitigates any issues regarding corrupted files, etc. 


